Clean up Task description in UG (#282)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T12-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `exit` and `clear`) will be ignored.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.

> ### Task parameters

Reviewer: Not sure how Jekyll is going to display a header within the blue box. Perhaps it may be better if you put task parameters in a separate blue box of its own. So there's one box for general command format and another specifically for task parameters.

Reviewer: Or don't put task params in a blue box, since the header might look out of place.

* A task is specified using two pieces of information: `TASK_DESCRIPTION` and `DATE TIME`.
* `TASK_DESCRIPTION` can be any non-empty string made of alphanumeric characters.

> * `DATE TIME` must be of the form d-M-yyyy HHmm, although time can be omitted, this will result in the task being created with a default time of 0000 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DATE TIME` must be of the form d-M-yyyy HHmm, but the time is optional. <br>
   e.g. 2-7-2022 1345`, `28-10-2022` are valid dates.
* Although time can be omitted, this will result in the task being created with a default time of 0000 hours.
```

* Example of valid `DATE TIME` are: `2-7-2022 1345`, `28-10-2022`.
* `DATE TIME` itself can be omitted as well, this will result in the task being created with a task date and time of 24 hours from the moment of creation.
* A task can be recurring, i.e if the Task date passes, it will automatically generate the next Task based on the recurrence. 
* A recurring task can be specified using parameters `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD`, in addition to the `TASK_DESCRIPTION` and `DATE TIME`.

> * `TIME_PERIOD` can be: `days`, `weeks`, `months` or `years` while `INTERVAL` specifies the amount of such time periods between recurring tasks, hence it must be a positive integer.

Reviewer: Might be better to move the interval portion to another bullet
```suggestion
* `TIME_PERIOD` can be: `days`, `weeks`, `months` or `years`
* `INTERVAL` specifies the amount of the time periods between recurring tasks, and must be a **positive integer**.
```

Adds a patient to the patient list.

> Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [d/TASK_DESCRIPTION | DATE TIME | INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD]… [c/CONDITION]… [t/TAG]…`

Reviewer: I think you should add the `<>` notation here as well:
```suggestion
Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [d/TASK_DESCRIPTION | <DATE TIME> | <INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD>]… [c/CONDITION]… [t/TAG]…`
```
I also think perhaps it would be good to update the parameters with the standardised format wherever possible. If I change everything after everyone is done, it skews my code contribution aka snipe your UG contribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE a/ADDRESS e/EMAIL [t/TAG]… [d/TASK_DESCRIPTION | <DATE TIME> | <INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD>]… [c/CONDITION]… [m/MEDICATION | DOSAGE]… [r/REMARK]…`
```

Adds a patient to the patient list.

> Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [d/TASK_DESCRIPTION | <DATE TIME> | <INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD>]… [c/CONDITION]… [t/TAG]… [m/MEDICATION | DOSAGE]… [r/Remark]…`

Reviewer: `Remark` should be capitalised
```suggestion
Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [d/TASK_DESCRIPTION | <DATE TIME> | <INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD>]… [c/CONDITION]… [t/TAG]… [m/MEDICATION | DOSAGE]… [r/REMARK]…`
```

Adds a task or recurring task to a patient.

Format: `add -p PATIENT_INDEX d/TASK_DESCRIPTION | <DATE TIME> | <INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD>`

* Adds a task to a patient at the specified `PATIENT_INDEX`.

> * The patient index refers to the index number shown in the displayed patient list.

Reviewer: same as below

> * The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …

Reviewer: Delete this line since it's already mentioned in the command format section

> * `DATE TIME` and `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` must follow the criteria defined above under notes under command format.

Reviewer: Perhaps you could provide a link to the section you are referring to:
```suggestion
* `DATE TIME` and `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` must follow the criteria defined in [Task parameters](#whatever-header).
```

Examples:
* `list` followed by `add -p 1 d/Administer 3ml of example medicine` adds a task to the 1st patient in the patient list.
* `find Betsy` followed by `add -p 2 d/Change dressing on left arm | 12-7-2022` adds a task to the 2nd patient in results of the `find` command, on 12th July 2022 0000 hours.
* `add -p 3 d/Take X-rays | 23-4-2022 1345 | 3 weeks` adds a recurring task to the 3rd patient for every 3 weeks starting from 23rd April 2022 1345 hours.

### Editing a task: `edit -p -t`

Edits the specified task or recurring task associated with a patient.

Format: `edit -p PATIENT_INDEX -t TASK_INDEX d/<TASK_DESCRIPTION> | <DATE TIME> | <INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD>`

* Edits the task at the specified `TASK_INDEX` of the patient at the specified `PATIENT_INDEX`.
* The task index refers to the index number shown in the task list of a patient.
* The patient index refers to the index number shown in the displayed patient list.
* The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …

> * `DATE TIME` and `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` must follow the criteria defined in notes under command format.

Reviewer: same as above

| **Reverse undo command**        | `redo`                                                                                                                       |
| **Exit**                        | `exit`                                                                                                                       |

* Note that `TASK` is composed of `TASK_DESCRIPTION | DATE TIME | INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD`
* `DATE TIME` should be in the format like `16-10-2022 1030` or `2-3-2022` if time is to be omitted
* If no `DATE TIME` is provided, then a default date and time of 24 hours from creation will be set
* The values for `TIME_PERIOD` are: `days`, `weeks`, `months` and `years`
* If only no `TIME` is provided then the default time of 0000 hours will be set
* Examples of valid `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` are: `3 days`, `7 weeks`, `2 months`
* `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` can be be empty if it's a one off task, however a `DATE TIME` must be provided in addition to `INTERVAL TIME_PERIOD` inorder to set a recurring task.

> * Note that capitalization does not matter for `TIME_PERIOD`.

Reviewer: I think it is better to move this to task params (and some appear to be repeated). This command summary is targeted at intermediate users of the app, so we could assume they roughly know these details
